It's free event notifications are a way that we can configure a form of event driven architecture using
Amazon, it's free.
So what that means is something happens in as free, such as an upload of an object, and then we can
trigger some kind of event.
So with event notifications, we're essentially sending a notification when an event happens in an ice
free bucket.
Now where do we send these notifications to?
Well, some of the destinations include Amazon's Simple Notification Service, Amazon Ask US Cues or
IWC Lambda.
So, for example, an object gets uploaded to a bucket and you might send a notification to lambda,
and it would include some information about that object's lambda might then process that object.
Maybe it's, you know, modifying the image in an object to reduce the size to a thumbnail or something
like that.
And then once it's processed the image, it finishes and you could even trigger then an essence notification
as well.
So this is a great feature of Amazon as free when we want to create an event driven architectures.
And in the serverless section, we're going to go into a lot more detail on event driven architectures.
For now, let's head over to Amazon as free and just see how we can create a simple event notification
on back in as free.
And I'm going to use my DCT cloud storage bucket for this exercise.
Now, the first thing we need to do is create an SMS topic that's a simple notification service topic,
and that's going to trigger an email to us when an object upload occurs.
Now we do need to give the estimates topic permissions as well, so that's something we need to look
at.
The first thing we're going to do is use the service to create a topic.
You can find snacks under services and application integration.
So let's just call this one my email notification.
Click on Next.
We're going to choose standard, and we're going to need to update the access policy.
Now, the first thing you need to do is just go to access policy.
On the right hand side here.
We want to find the R-N for our topic.
So I'm going to copy all of this, Erin, and then we have this file in the course download.
And what we need to do is paste the arrow at the top here.
So we've got the full R.N, including the region and the account number.
We also need to copy this account number.
And put that down here where it says bucket owner accounts I.D. and we need the R.N of our buckets.
So back in history, go to properties.
Copy the irony of your buckets.
And let's play.
Slide in here.
So once we've done those free things, we can copy this code.
Come back, go to advanced.
We're going to delete everything from the JASON editor at this policy in.
And, Chris, our topic now we need a subscription for the topic, so we create a subscription here.
It's already chosen for us for protocol.
We're going to choose email and for Endpoint.
You're going to put in your email address and then choose Create subscription at the bottom.
Once you've done that, the status will be pending confirmation.
Go to your email, confirm the subscription and refresh this page and you should find that it changes
to confirmed.
I just refresh my page, and now it's confirmed.
So that's great.
We can go back to free now.
Under properties, let's scroll down and find event notifications, create an event notification.
I'm going to call this send email.
I'm not going to limit by prefix or suffix and for event types.
I want this notification to go for all object creation events, so uploads of objects and copying of
objects.
We now simply scroll down, choose S.A. topic and then select all residence topic from the list and
click on Save.
Now, if your policy is set up correctly, this should work.
If not, you'll get an error message.
So now let's go back to objects and I'm going to upload a new object.
Doesn't matter if it already exists, I'm just going to upload an object.
It will see that we've made that upload.
And what should happen in the background now is it should send an event notification to S.A. and S.A.
should then trigger an email to go and check your email inbox.
And this is the notification I received in my inbox and you can see there's quite a bit of information
here.
We can see information about the event source that it was IWC free the region.
There's a time stamp on here.
We know that this particular notification was generated because of an object created puts events, so
we uploaded an object.
You can see the principle of the use that uploaded the objects and much more information there.
So all this information can get sent through to whatever service.
If this was lambda.
Then this information could go to lambda and lambda might be able to use that information for whatever
processing you program it to do.
So that's it for event notifications.
Hope that it's useful to you, and I'll see you in the next lesson.